wednesday at the Hard Rock Casino in
coquitlam vancouver canucks president of
hockey operations Trevor Linden and
chief operating officer Victor de bonis
held a town-hall meeting with Canucks
season-ticket members and to help kick
off the event Lyndon made an
announcement many fans had been waiting
for I'm very thrilled and I'm very
honored to announce to you the first
people that know that in fact Jim
Benning is going to become our new
general manager and that Jim is
obviously going to come in here and and
and have his own vision and his own
shape and I that's one of the reasons
why he was a candidate that really met
the criteria because of his background
his background is evaluating talent and
that's critical in our vision and and
that's how we're going to get better
afterwards season-ticket members were
given the opportunity to ask questions
not only about the new GM but other
matters surrounding the organization
Trevor you've made it quite clear that
you feel you really mesh with Jim really
well and you're on the same page and I
want to know what it is that you're
going to build you have a vision for the
team you have building blocks for the
team so what is our team supposed to be
there's one way to play in hockey and
that's the right way and and I believe
that playing sound fundamental defense
well positioned defensive hockey doesn't
impact your ability to play offense you
compete and are well-positioned
defensively when you get the puck you
have every opportunity on the offensive
to be creative and do creative things
and do smart things with the puck we're
going to want our team to play
fundamentally sound for line you know we
want our players to be consistent
two-way players and you know when you
look at good teams they're made up of
good hard-working character two-way
players and and when you put a
collection of those type of players that
compete on a nightly basis together and
have a well-rounded lineup you're going
to have success so that's not going to
happen overnight we have some work to do
we have some
critical decisions to make and and it's
it's I think Jim fully recognizes that
he has that that we have a lot of work
in front of us in the past our team
we've gone towards that say like the
Detroit model which was successful in
the past and now going in the future
everyone say no the Boston model is the
one that works or the Chicago model is
there a certain team or a model that we
are looking forward to I don't believe
it's a model I don't believe it so we're
going to run over here and copy these
guys because that's going to win or
we're going to copy this because that's
going to win it's it's about having a
belief of what makes a good hockey team
and and that starts with with your
vision of what sakinaka and what type of
player do we want to draft that's where
it starts because that office he funnels
into so you know it's about size and
speed and and and and and hockey sense
and character and all those sorts of
things so it's a good question because
I've been asked that a few times well if
you go over there and copy that because
everyone thinks now that Montreal beat
Boston at the Boston model doesn't work
anymore I can't do that because you know
Montreal's speedy and quick and
everything else so I don't know that
it's really copying some team because
that's the model and let's face it in
Detroit when you lose nicklas lidstrom
your model changes you know so personnel
really make the model if you will but i
believe that you collected a good solid
core group of guys that have great
hockey sense and are good hockey players
you're going to create a winning
atmosphere you know we want to really
listen to you and understand you and for
me it's it's just really great engaging
and connecting so thank you very much
for making the effort on behalf of
Victor and I thanks everybody thank you
very much